[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to Beyond Belief.
Eric Hecker is with us.
He was part of the Stargate
Program as a child,
and later served in the Navy,
where he worked with a Raytheon
scientist.
After the Navy, he was
selected by Raytheon
for the US Antarctic
Program, where he witnessed
advanced directed energy
weapons at the South Pole.
He has testified
before Congress and is
committed to exposing
these technologies
for the good of humanity.
Eric, welcome to Beyond Belief.
>>ERIC HECKER: Thank you very
much for having me today, sir.
>>NOORY: How did they
recruit you as a kid?
>>HECKER: I gather
they found me when
I was in elementary school
in my earlier years.
I was, um, taken out
of the classroom,
brought to the
library in the school,
and there were tests
that were given to us,
and I can only assume I
did well enough on them
to be selected for the program.
>>NOORY: Eric, you grew
up in a small town.
Tell us about that.
>>HECKER: I grew up in a town
called Levittown in New York,
on Long Island, and it was
the first suburb in the United
States, and it was
built for the express
purpose of all the returning
veterans from World War II.
>>NOORY: Now, tell us about the
military family you came from.
>>HECKER: My father
was in the Navy.
My grandfather was in the
Navy, and in actuality, it just
seemed like it was inevitable
that I was going to cross paths
with the Navy at some point.
And my great grandfather
was a ship's carpenter.
So a bunch of sailors.
>>NOORY: Tell me about
your grandfather.
>>HECKER: My grandfather is
a very interesting person,
and I'm doing due
diligence to research
that aspect of my family.
He was part of what is known
as the American Bund, which
in reality was very
sympathetic to the activities
of the Nazi party both before,
during, and after World War II
officially.
>>NOORY: As a little boy,
you saw some lights outside
of your window.
What did they look like and
what do you think they were?
>>HECKER: I would wake up
sometimes or as going to bed,
and in the community
that I was at,
the houses were very
close to each other.
So what I saw from
my perspective
was like reflections on
the sides of the houses,
like lights hitting it almost--
it seemed to me like, almost
like there was a disco ball
passing between the houses.
And the effect of that type
of activity on the house walls
was what I was observing.
>>NOORY: What do
you think it was?
>>HECKER: Wow.
In hindsight-- I
mean, with everything
that I've learned up
until this point, I mean,
there's a high
probability that it
was some sort of UFO activity.
>>NOORY: Eric, at
the age of seven,
you were trained for
Project Stargate.
Who recruited you?
>>HECKER: You know, to be
completely honest, they were
lying to me top to
bottom as a child,
so I wish I could
answer that question.
I'm still trying
to figure it out.
It's my understanding that the
Stargate Program in the early
80s was being run by either
the CIA, the DIA, or the NSA,
but it's a very difficult
paperwork trail to follow.
>>NOORY: Now, as an adult,
you saw some similarities
in your schoolwork with Ed
Dames the Remote Viewer.
>>HECKER: Yes, sir.
In doing my research, trying to
connect the dots to my own past,
I came across a
video of Ed Dames
going through the
Monroe Institute
remote viewing protocols
with his own son,
and it turned out that was the
identical process that we were
utilizing in my grammar school.
So it was like a dead
reckoning as I was watching it,
and it was jaw-dropping for me.
And that's when I had
a clear connection
that that's what was going
on in my school as a child,
because again, they weren't
being forthwith to the children
about what the activity was.
They had them participating in.
>>NOORY: What are some
of the things they
did to train you in Stargate?
>>HECKER: They
used what I believe
was called the
Tequesta-scope, which
was an optical viewer
that we would look into,
and they would put
headphones on us.
They would have
us observe images
and then have a series of
questions, which I recall,
we would make the selection
for the answer with your eyes.
You would just
look on the screen.
And I remember
keying in as a child
and being completely fascinated
at whatever this technology was
they were presenting.
>>NOORY: What was it for?
>>HECKER: I guess they wanted
us to absorb information,
that they were trying
to practice the activity
of somehow--
because of the-- I guess
it was the rate of fire
that the images were
being presented at,
along with the sounds that they
were applying, that there was
attempts at trying to get
you to absorb information
in some sort of a
subconscious way,
that there were images
that you were seeing
and images that were
being presented,
but at a frame rate that you
weren't actively seeing it
with your eyes.
>>NOORY: Why train you
at such a young age?
>>HECKER: That's a
fantastic question,
and I believe it has a lot to
do with what we're seeing now
publicly, with connections
between the remote viewing
programs in the
submarine service.
I think it's beyond
a coincidence
that I was being tapped as a
child to be in these programs,
and then eventually made it
into the submarine service.
It seems par for the course for
the Remote Viewing Institute,
the protocols that
they were doing
and the product they
were trying to produce.
It appears to me
that I'm just caught
in some decades-long
program of manipulation.
>>NOORY: Were you being
trained and groomed for this?
>>HECKER: I believe so, Sir.
>>NOORY: How many people
were involved in i?
>>HECKER: In the library,
when I was a child,
there was approximately a half
a dozen to maybe eight children.
And I would say there was at
least equal to that or more
on the adults that were
partaking in the training.
>>NOORY: Were you able to
go home as a little kid?
>>HECKER: Yeah, this
all happened in school.
>>NOORY: So they
didn't keep you?
>>HECKER: They didn't keep us
after school for this program.
They removed us from
the regular classes,
brought us to the library,
returned us back to the classes,
and then discharged us from the
school at the standard time.
>>NOORY: Did they tell you to
be confidential about this?
>>HECKER: They didn't tell us
to be confidential about it.
It was a very
old-fashioned, I would say,
German-Irish Catholic
school to begin with.
So it was very
regimented, very strict.
We got hit all the time.
We got put in check.
I mean, the last
thing you ever wanted
was a phone call
home from school
because you're just
going to get it again.
So pretty much I was
under the presumption
that if my parents are paying
for me to go to this school,
they know what's going on
and this is what they want.
>>NOORY: What responsibilities
did you have, Eric, in the Navy?
>>HECKER: In the Navy, I
was mostly just training.
So it was a lot of school
and just doing duty watches
and things like that.
As far as responsibility,
it was just
to try to learn the
information they were
presenting as fast as possible.
>>NOORY: Did they bring you
into a nuclear weapons program?
>>HECKER: I was training
for the position--
the rate is known as a
fire control technician,
and that is the weapon systems
for the Los Angeles class
nuclear submarines that I was
being brought up to speed on.
>>NOORY: Very confidential.
>>HECKER: Super confidential.
Back when I even
enlisted for that rate,
the NSA got involved because
of the type of information
that I would have
put across my bow.
I mean, I specifically
remember the moment
where I was sitting down with
the NSA Investigation team
and they said,
basically, here it is.
You sign right here.
From this day forward, we
will always follow you.
They certainly kept
their word on that.
>>NOORY: Tell me about your
involvement with this Raytheon
scientist.
>>HECKER: Ah!
Yes!
The Raytheon scientist
was a gentleman
that I met when I was in
submarine school in Groton,
Connecticut.
I was having issues for which
I was looking to separate,
and I came across this
gentleman as an opportunity,
and I was told that if I worked
with this Raytheon scientist,
that he could make
sure that I would
get a proper separation
from the service
and it wouldn't be problematic.
So I agreed.
I went to building
518, which was a school
building that I attended, super
top secret security clearance
stuff.
And it was in the
bottom of that building
that I partook in some
very peculiar activities
with this gentleman.
And to be completely honest,
I do have some memory loss
in regards to that activity.
I remember entering the room.
I remember seeing a curtain,
almost like an emergency room
type setup, where the
curtain moves around where
there's normally a gurney.
But when he moved
the curtain, there
was a very peculiar chair there
that I was directed to get into.
And that's basically the
extent of my recollections
in that room.
>>NOORY: Why did they
take your memory away?
>>HECKER: That's
a great question
because I feel like they've
done it more than once.
And I think there's often
times that folks get access
to information,
albeit on purpose
or by accident, that certain
technologies are utilized
to remove it from immediate
grasp in some of these memory
banks.
>>NOORY: Now, in
2010, Raytheon grabbed
you to work in Antarctica.
What the heck was
going on there?
>>HECKER: That's correct.
In 2010, I did go
under a contract
to go down to the
South Pole station.
I was hired by Raytheon
Polar Services Corporation,
and I absolutely had
great pause because they
were the hiring
contractor and my history
with the submarine service.
But I had children
to feed, and they
were the only people on the
planet willing to cut me
a check at that point in time.
So I took the gig and spent a
year at the South Pole station.
>>NOORY: What did you see?
>>HECKER: I learned that
what they are pretending
is scientific research is
actually directed energy weapons
platforms, and that
the level of technology
that the average mortgage
payer on this planet
is allowed to consider is way
lower than what's actually
being utilized in
the world around us.
>>NOORY: You saw a
UFO in the South Pole?
>>HECKER: I did see a
UFO at the South Pole
during my winter season.
It was flying over
the elevated station
as I was returning from doing
my rounds out in what's commonly
referred to as the Dark Sector.
>>NOORY: Clearly a UFO?
>>HECKER: It looked
to me at the time
like a massive,
round, flaming meteor.
And at the time I just
took it as a meteor
because I had
never heard anybody
discuss a UFO of that variant.
But since that time
in my research,
I have heard a lot of other
people see very similar things
and ascribe the term UFO to it.
And I'm not uncomfortable
doing that because what
I saw was a very parallel flight
path to the surface of the Earth
there from horizon
to horizon, which to
me was indicative of a
controlled flight path.
>>NOORY: Eric, what is
the Raytheon ELF system?
What was it set up to do?
>>HECKER: There is an ELF system
at the South Pole station,
and I don't want to lay it
at the feet of Raytheon,
because now there's a
new contractor there.
So now they have
responsibility for it.
But the ELF system is
something that when
I arrived at the facility, I was
told was not energized and was
not being used.
But in my standard routine work,
I learned that they were lying.
And it absolutely
is an active system.
So besides super secret stuff
like submarine communications,
there is quite a treasure trove
of possible directed energy
weapons applications that could
be utilized through ELF systems.
One of the more concerning
ones contemporarily
would be things like
Voice-to-Skull technology.
>>NOORY: Are they monitoring
the magnetosphere?
>>HECKER: They are actually
utilizing the ELF system
to monitor the
magnetosphere as well.
And I have concerns
that that activity
is for monitoring the impact of
the IceCube Neutrino Detector
Array in its transmit mode.
>>NOORY: Tell us more about
the Neutrino Detector.
>>HECKER: The Neutrino Detector
is presented as a research
project for passively observing
the interactions of neutrinos
in the ice through digital
optical modules that
are registering
the blue Cherenkov
radiation, the light that comes
off during this interaction.
The nucleus of the ice molecule
is disintegrated as well as
the neutrino and
a muon is ejected.
That's what they're
presenting this system
as doing exclusively.
What I presented in
Washington, DC, when I testify,
was documentation that shows
that the detector array also
has the ability to transmit.
So these are one of the
things, as I mentioned
a couple of years ago now
in the Shawn Ryan Show,
was that the world really needs
to get the term directed-energy
weapons systems into
their vocabulary,
more so today than ever.
>>NOORY: Eric, this detector
can be used as a directed energy
weapon.
How would they use it?
>>HECKER: Well, basically,
sir, it's just--
people have to consider that
the transmit side allows
it to deliver energy.
So this gets into Tesla
technology and the ability
to move energy from point A
to point B without the express
use of wires.
>>NOORY: Is there
something nefarious here?
>>HECKER: Absolutely
because it's being secreted.
That's the only
way that I can look
at it at this point, and
especially the resistance
that I'm getting
in the community
from trying to get this
information out, again,
it's more than a coincidence.
There's too much
intention and effort
to keep this topic out of the
spotlight that it's just only--
inclines me to push harder.
>>NOORY: That's scary.
Are other countries
doing this too?
>>HECKER: I believe that this is
happening all over the planet.
I believe it is not limited
to nation states as a problem.
I believe it's risen to a
level above and beyond that.
And the nation states are now
stuck in roles of puppets.
They're being manipulated by
the same factions that have
these monopolized technologies.
And we, the people
of the planet,
need to figure this out very
fast because these technologies
are being rolled out
into society, around us,
and we, the people,
are basically
caught in the crossfire
of modern warfare,
of weapons that were
completely unfamiliar with.
>>NOORY: What is Voice-to-Skull
technology, Eric?
>>HECKER: The
Voice-to-Skull technology
would be the ability to have,
what I call, intrusive thoughts.
A voice in your head.
Like, imagine if I
had a microphone,
and I could transmit, but the
receiver was in your head.
So now if I had the
ability to mimic your voice
and deliver that
to you, I can now
start putting my
thoughts into your head.
>>NOORY: How often
is this happening?
>>HECKER: I'm
concerned that it's
been an ongoing activity
for a couple of decades
now to the general
population of this planet.
>>NOORY: What's the motivation?
>>HECKER: Control.
>>NOORY: Could Neuralink
be the same thing?
>>HECKER: I think that the
Neuralink is a distraction,
and it gives the false
pretense that you
need some sort of
hardware installed
to make that connection.
I do not believe that
Neuralink is required.
And again, I'm concerned
that these technologies
are being used right now.
>>NOORY: What is the Genesis
and microwave beam communication
technology?
>>HECKER: The Genesis, I
think was back in World War II
when they started doing
the line-of-sight microwave
communications.
I forget the title
of the systems
back then when they originated.
>>NOORY: What's it used for?
>>HECKER: Back then, they
said that they were using it
as top secret line-of-sight
communications,
but it seems looking back, they
may have been utilizing them
to down a particular
craft of unknown origins.
>>NOORY: Were they
tracking them?
>>HECKER: Yeah, I would
imagine they must have just
been-- as we were firing
up radar systems back then,
there were probably some
peculiarly fast things
on the screen.
>>NOORY: The Neutrino Detector
used to track UFOs, I'm told.
>>HECKER: One of its secondary
abilities is that if these
unidentified flying objects are
moving around in a propelled,
obviously by exotic systems--
what I'm learning from
networking with folks
is there's a high probability
that these propulsion systems
eject neutrinos as part
of their activity, which
would make the Neutrino
Detector a very viable hardware
system for an air traffic
control tower type
operation for all
of these things
moving through our atmosphere.
>>NOORY: Alien
technology or ours?
>>HECKER: Alien and
ours, because if it's
propelled by these exotic
systems and neutrinos
are being ejected,
then I think it's just
going to be a full spectrum
observation of that activity.
>>NOORY: Who came up with
this Neutrino Detector?
It seems like it's being used
for all kinds of space things.
>>HECKER: If I
remember correctly,
it was a scientist from the
Brookhaven National Laboratories
on Long Island, which is,
again, an interesting connection
between Antarctica, the
military industrial complex,
and monopolized technologies.
Lest we forget that
Operation Paperclip made
Long Island quite the
repository for Nazi scientists
post World War II.
>>NOORY: Is the detector
being used for space assets?
>>HECKER: I absolutely believe
that the Neutrino Detector also
has the capability
to provide what
is referred to as
quantum-entangled
faster-than-light
communications.
Gary McKinnon, a few years
back, hacked into NASA
and discovered that they
had an off-world fleet.
And he listed the names of
the ships and the captains.
So to me, it seems
very reasonable
that if we were to have a
fleet out there being active,
we would have to have
some sort of a means
to communicate with them.
And I do believe that the
South Pole station would be
able to provide that capacity.
>>NOORY: Back in 2011, Eric,
there was a New Zealand
earthquake.
Did this technology have
anything to do with it?
>>HECKER: Absolutely.
It's my understanding
in February of 2011
is when the IceCube
Neutrino Detector went
from construction phase to
operations and maintenance.
That was the season
that I was present.
And it is my understanding
that when they first
fired that system up in
its transmit capacity,
it misfired basically,
and hit Christchurch, New
Zealand by accident.
Twice--
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>HECKER: --before they
were able to dial it in.
>>NOORY: Are they still
using it for that purpose?
>>HECKER: I have no reason to
believe they would have stopped.
Whatever their motives
were, to instigate
their nefarious
secret activity, I
can only assume have continued.
They're going to make that
facility 10 times bigger.
The IceCube Neutrino
Detector is slated
to be increased in size tenfold.
>>NOORY: Aren't you
afraid for yourself?
>>HECKER: No.
>>NOORY: Why not?
>>HECKER: I don't live that way.
I kind of almost just feel
like that's programming
that they want everybody
to be afraid to speak up.
I'm a bit more old-fashioned.
And the way I've always looked
at life is if somebody--
if I'm trying to do something
and somebody's trying
to tell me not to do that
or another way to do it,
I'm pretty much just going to
double down on doing it my way.
>>NOORY: HAARP in Alaska may
be used for weather control.
What about the
Neutrino Detector?
>>HECKER: Fantastic question.
I think that Nick Begich has
done the lion's share of work
when it comes to
the topic of HAARP,
and has certainly proven the
potential directed-energy weapon
uses for that platform.
What I'm trying to
bring to the table
is to express to people that
the IceCube Neutrino Detector is
like HAARP on steroids.
The HAARP Array in Alaska is
on the surface of the Earth,
and it has the dimensions
of length and width.
The IceCube Neutrino Detector
is embedded in the ice as well,
so it adds a third
dimension to it.
So now you have length,
width, and height to it.
And that's magnitudes when we're
talking these type of systems.
>>NOORY: Which of
the technologies
is the latest, HAARP or
the Neutrino Detector?
>>HECKER: The Neutrino Detector
would be the newer of the two
technologies, sir.
>>NOORY: So it would
probably do more things.
>>HECKER: Yes, sir.
>>NOORY: Who controls
the weather and why?
>>HECKER: I don't know, and
that's another great question.
When I went to Washington, DC,
and testified for the Senate
Intelligence Committee and ARO.
At the end of those
testimonies, that
was basically where we were
left sitting at the table, was,
what do we do now that we're
cognizant that there are
rogue factions with monopolized
technology operating
without oversight from
the American government
and therefore the
American people?
>>NOORY: What is
the ARO building?
>>HECKER: The ARO building
at the South Pole station
is the Atmospheric
Research Observatory.
>>NOORY: And you witnessed some
kind of strange green laser
fired from there?
What happened?
>>HECKER: Yes, sir.
On multiple occasions, I would
see a very strong green laser
beam fire from the top
floor of that building.
I mean, I know the arrangement.
It was coming from
the top floor,
would go through the roof.
They had a hatch
that they would open
and this thing would just
shoot out up into the cosmos.
>>NOORY: Chemical lasers?
Superfluids?
What's going on there?
>>HECKER: That's
my understanding.
This is one of the
things that I'm
learning the most
about right now
is the concept of superfluids.
Things that are chilled
to really ridiculously
low temperatures.
At the South Pole, we had
about a half a million gallons
of helium stored at
four degrees Kelvin,
which is only four degrees
above absolute zero.
So in regards to
chemical lasers,
I wonder if this type of
system is utilizing the helium.
I have spoken to
other personnel.
I've spoken to a
lot of personnel
about things that go
on at the South Pole,
and I wound up crossing paths
with the gentleman who once
had the task of transporting
the helium from the bulk storage
to the actual science
projects, and he
agreed that the very minute
amount of helium that they were
using for science did not
justify the bulk that they
had maintained there.
So again, it brings me
back to that question of,
what are they doing as
their primary presentation?
And then what are
these resources
being utilized for in secondary
and tertiary capacities?
>>NOORY: Eric, is this
reversed alien technology?
>>HECKER: You know, it could be.
It's very possible that it is.
And I think that
we oftentimes get
too locked up in these
types of conversations
because once we you have a bad
guy with the gun in his hand
pointing it at you, I
mean, at that point,
I don't think the
conversation really
matters where he got it from.
>>NOORY: Because he has it.
>>HECKER: He's got the gun and
he's got it pointed at you.
>>NOORY: There's been talk
about an upcoming false flag
of an alien invasion.
Have you heard about that?
>>HECKER: I absolutely have,
and I find it very concerning.
I wholly believe in
the potential for there
to be a massive amount
of technology that
could be applied that, for
all practical purposes,
to the average person
on this planet,
would be very convincing
that something off world
is coming on world.
>>NOORY: How would
they do this to us?
Holograms?
What would they use?
>>HECKER: Holograms, vehicles.
I have no doubt in my mind that
the many factions of this planet
are utilizing what
we would commonly
refer to as UFO technology,
anti-gravitic technology.
There's been folks like T
Townsend Brown, Nikola Tesla,
Viktor Schauberger.
There's been all
kinds of research
on this stuff for decades, and
it doesn't really seem to me
that they didn't figure it out.
I'm more walking the line
that they did figure it out
and they just absconded it
into certain communities.
>>NOORY: There is a
syndrome called the Havana
syndrome, which our people
believe originated in a USA
embassy, and that the
Cubans were bombarding us
with some kind of particle beam.
What do you know about that?
>>HECKER: I have done a
bit of research on that.
I think it's a worthy
direction for anybody
to look into because it
follows the technology.
The Department of
Defense even put out
literature, which I've provided
in the archives section
of my website.
People can reference it.
In order for their
personnel to follow up--
you were in the
service, you know
that they have a
responsibility to the health
of their personnel.
So the Department of Defense
has provided an avenue
for their employees and
families of their employees
to report Havana
syndrome symptoms
so that they can get the medical
attention that they deserve.
Therefore, making it
real for everybody.
If the Department of Defense
has to protect their personnel
from these symptoms,
it's not fake.
>>NOORY: You testified before
the Senate about this too,
didn't you?
>>HECKER: Yes, sir.
>>NOORY: What did
they want to know?
>>HECKER: They wanted to know
what I had observed in the South
Pole station.
They wanted to know
about power supplies.
They wanted to know about
potential locations of power
supplies.
They wanted to know
who was in charge
and what I thought
about who was in charge.
But I didn't have any pertinent
information in that regard.
So it was a lot about just
confirming things that I
had been public about
before, but they just
wanted to hear it
from me specifically
to make sure there
was no confusion.
>>NOORY: What does your gut
tell you about the syndrome?
>>HECKER: What my gut tells me
is that these technologies are
being used in mass
all around us,
and everybody is starting
to suffer these symptoms,
but nobody's paying attention.
>>NOORY: What are
the symptoms, Eric?
>>HECKER: Fatigue,
Voice-to-Skull stuff
has been on the list
as well, so that
would be intrusive thoughts.
Nausea, vertigo.
They're very referenceable.
Anybody can Google
Havana syndrome symptoms.
>>NOORY: Were they tests
for something larger?
>>HECKER: What do
you mean by that?
>>NOORY: Perhaps
they would do it
on masses instead of
a little building.
>>HECKER: Oh, absolutely.
I think that there's been a lot
of research and development done
through the decades to get
it dialed in to this point
where they can now,
instead of just targeting
small groups of people
and testing for outcomes
and getting control over
it and manipulations,
I think what I'm observing
around me is that it's just--
it's happening in mass.
>>NOORY: When you testified
before the Senate,
did they seem baffled?
>>HECKER: No.
>>NOORY: Concerned?
>>HECKER: The Senate
Intelligence Committee
had a scientist,
and I apologize,
I can't remember his name.
He was very concerned.
Everybody was very concerned.
But he was kind of
like the point person
that I would communicate with.
And then he would translate
the science aspect to it,
to the other people in
the room so that could
wrap their heads around where
we were going with this stuff
because it's pretty threatening.
The ramifications of what
I am presenting is huge.
So when the implications
get this high,
I feel like it just
necessitates the consideration.
>>NOORY: Who do you
think is behind it?
>>HECKER: Very wealthy people.
I think this is--
as history has shown
us time and time again,
the rich people will step
on the throats of the poor
until the poor do
something about it.
I believe this is a class war.
>>NOORY: How did you get
involved in all this, Eric?
>>HECKER: Well, I
guess they tapped me
as a kid in grammar school and
said, welcome to the program.
>>NOORY: How many
people like you?
>>HECKER: That's
a great question.
I'm thoroughly concerned
that since this processing
of children seems to be
going unchecked from my youth
until now, I think if we
ever do an investigation
into these groups
that are experimenting
on children without their
parents' permission,
I think we're going to find
some sickening numbers.
>>NOORY: Why you?
How did they find you?
>>HECKER: I happened to
test well, apparently.
I had no problems with
academics as a child,
I absorbed information
very rapidly.
I was in my early school years.
I was doing very advanced stuff.
If I was in first grade,
I sat in first grade
and I had to do all
the first grade work,
but I also had teachers
coming from second,
and third grade that would
come in and give me more
work from the higher levels.
>>NOORY: So as you're testing,
that's kind of got them to go,
hey, we got to watch this kid.
>>NOORY: I think so.
And then I think there's other--
I hear people say
like bloodline things,
just like you asked
about my family history.
I don't know the whys and
wherefores of their interest,
but it does appear that there's
bloodline stuff going on
or genetics and
things like that.
I do recall part of
my submarine service,
besides the NSA
investigation, they
do a wild physical inspection
and mental checks and things
like that, all kinds of stuff.
And in that process, I
learned that apparently I'm
physically interesting, that
I'm in the top 2% of humanity
in regards to I don't get sick.
If I get sick, I respond
well to light medication.
Just silly things like that.
So apparently it's
important to them.
I don't know what their list is.
>>NOORY: Are you concerned
about your own family
being centered for this?
>>HECKER: I've had threats
across the board for myself
personally.
I've had threats
fired at loved ones,
and I've spoken to my
loved ones about it.
And I guess I come from a family
that says, don't back down.
>>NOORY: Well, you don't hear
too much about the Havana
syndrome anymore.
Why is that?
>>HECKER: I don't think we hear
much about it to begin with.
Even when they
did roll it out, I
don't think that it got the
attention that it deserved.
And I think much of this
monopolized technology,
they don't want it in
the general conversation
of the population.
They really want to keep
this stuff in the shadows.
>>NOORY: Why?
>>HECKER: I believe
there's a lot of profit
in the monopoly
of the technology.
Once you make a technology
public, it becomes regulated
and then, in a sense, shared.
Everybody else gets
access to it in a way.
Whereas if you don't
go down that road,
there seems to be a lot of
benefit in the monopoly.
>>NOORY: What
actionable intelligence
did you pass on to Congress,
and what have they done with it?
>>HECKER: Excellent.
The actionable intelligence that
I passed on to Congress and ARO
was the actual capabilities
of these systems,
the actual state
the location of these systems,
the potential locations
of the power sources
for these systems,
and the companies that
have a paperwork trail
to be affiliated with, at least
at some point in the history
of their company
being affiliated
with the misuse, abuse and
operations without oversight.
So every bit of this is
worthy of consideration
for our government to move to
action and investigate further.
I was under the impression that
was the whole point of gathering
the information was for them
to figure out what to do next.
From my perspective,
it appears that they
have accomplished doing nothing
and/or damage to the topic
and is so far as
ARO has actually,
in their summary report,
lied about my testimony.
I clearly shared
everything with them,
which involved the damage
to myself and my crew
regarding proximity to the
directed energy, weapons
and suffering Havana
syndrome symptoms.
When they gave their
summary report publicly,
they stated with great
clarity that there
were reports of Havana
syndrome symptom victims
from every single continent
except for Antarctica.
>>NOORY: Which
was totally wrong.
>>HECKER: They're lying.
>>NOORY: Are there specific
companies involved in this?
>>HECKER: Raytheon polar
services for the time period
that I was there.
I believe Lockheed Martin
currently has the contract.
PAE was involved at some point.
But to the best of
my recollection,
if you simply go to the National
Science Foundation's website,
they will list for you all the
third party contractors that
are currently affiliated with.
>>NOORY: What do you
think this machine
that they turn on looks like?
>>HECKER: The domes are
basically basketball-sized items
that are embedded in the
ice in a one kilometer
by one kilometer by
one kilometer phased
array orientation.
So it's almost
like a whole bunch
of strings with basketballs
hanging on them, just embedded
in the ice.
>>NOORY: Are we ignoring these
actionable intelligence ideas?
>>HECKER:
Unfortunately, yes, sir.
I do not believe--
part of me-- I'm sure you
recall a couple of years
ago they were talking
about, invade Area 51,
and it was kind of a joke.
>>NOORY: Oh, right.
>>HECKER: But I kind
of feel like there
should have been activity,
investigate South Pole.
We don't have to
call it an invasion,
but it's worthy
of investigation.
Why not send folks in there
to see what can be seen?
I volunteer my services.
I would be happy to go in there
with an investigative team
and open the doors and inspect
and look and show everybody
on the map, like,
let's look over here,
let's look over there.
>>NOORY: You could be
an American hero, Eric.
>>HECKER: Or freeze trying.
>>NOORY: What would you like
people to learn from you?
>>HECKER: I would
like people to learn
that there is a lot
of technology that
has been utilized for
many years, that's
just outside of their
purview, that we, the people,
have invested our tax
dollars into the research
and development of technologies
that not only are we
not getting the
benefit of, they're
being used against
us negatively.
And it's a sin.
It's a sin what's going
on right now in the world.
>>NOORY: Is anybody
reacting to your testimony?
>>HECKER: I don't think enough.
I appreciate being
brought in here today.
I do appreciate the
folks that I have
engaged with that do
see eye to eye with me
on the potential problems.
But unfortunately, I think a
lot of people in the disclosure
communities are really here
for the spectacle, which
sounds fun and interesting and
love and light in the future--
the information
that I'm bringing
is a bit on the darker
side and obliges
people that respect the
information to do something.
And I think ignorance is
bliss, and a lot of people
just want to ignore
what I'm saying
because it absolves them of
any responsibility to action.
>>NOORY: Have there been
any ramifications for you
based on your testimony?
>>HECKER: Absolutely.
I get threats all
the time, which
is neither here nor there
because it doesn't really
bother me.
But the things that
do impact me is I
have a really hard time staying
properly employed at this point,
and I'm well aware of the fact
that at any point in time,
the right people
can make a phone
call to the right people in
any company that I work for,
and next thing I'm out of work.
And that happens
quite regularly now.
>>NOORY: Why?
>>HECKER: Because they
don't want me funded.
If I have money in the bank,
I will fight this beast.
And I am doing
this all on my own.
I do not have deep pockets.
I don't have sponsors.
I have nothing.
I work, I make money, I
travel, I try to disclose.
>>NOORY: What is your
biggest concern, Eric?
>>NOORY: Running out
of money, and before I
get disclosure accomplished.
[LAUGHS]
>>NOORY: Fight it!
>>HECKER: Yeah.
It is what it is.
I can still sling tools.
I can still keep
fighting the good fight.
Hopefully, I don't
go homeless first.
>>NOORY: Why doesn't the
media do more on this?
>>HECKER: Because the
media is bought and sold.
We've known that for decades.
Now we have-- the internet is
just the modern mass media.
I've said it plenty of times
that if I make the statement
that the mass media
is wholly corrupted,
nobody really argues with me.
But if I then say,
and the internet
is part of the mass media,
everybody gets furious.
How dare you say that the
internet's wholly corrupted?
Well, take a look around.
>>NOORY: Are you convinced that
UFO and directed-energy weapons
are being suppressed?
>>HECKER: Absolutely.
I'm 100% convinced of it.
From my perspective,
that seems to be
the big skeleton in the
closet for a lot of people,
is they want to
distance themselves
from the liability of all of
these decades of activities
of cover up.
>>NOORY: Why the suppression?
>>HECKER: Because
of the liability.
All these people have
basically gotten--
they got their hands dirty.
>>NOORY: And they don't know
how to get out of it, do they?
>>HECKER: They
can't get out of it.
They're in too deep.
>>NOORY: Can you name names?
>>HECKER: I don't think I
can name anyone specifically.
I think we just
need to look at what
we know are the military
industrial complex contractors
and just call it
the usual suspects.
>>NOORY: Within all
the countries or just--
>>HECKER: Oh, absolutely.
Yes, absolutely.
>>NOORY: It's not
just a US problem?
>>HECKER: This is
not a US problem.
This is way above nation states.
>>NOORY: What about disclosure?
Is that going to come?
>>HECKER: Not at the rate
that we're being presented.
What's going on in the
disclosure community right now
is just a joke.
It's a total joke.
There are whistleblowers
out there right now
that went to Washington, DC
when I was a whistleblower,
but they weren't
whistleblowers then.
They represented factions that
were there to investigate me,
to have me arrested by the FBI
or removed through wetworks,
which is murder.
So now these same people
that went to Washington, DC
to perform that activity against
me are now in the public forum
presenting themselves as
whistleblowers, regurgitating
the information that was
collected by ARO from myself
and others, and now
I'm watching them
become the mouthpiece for topics
that I don't think are theirs.
>>NOORY: Can these
technologies, Eric,
be used for torturing people,
for controlling people?
>>HECKER: It's my
understanding that they can.
There's a term called
targeted individuals,
and that seems to me to be what
has been decades of research
and development on how they
can fine tune these things,
to appropriately
connect to people
and engage and manipulate
and modify behavior.
>>NOORY: The technology
that must be within humanity
has got to be unbelievable.
>>HECKER: Oh, absolutely.
I couldn't agree more.
I think we're probably--
from the early 80s,
I heard that they said the
military technology would
advance 50 years for every year
that the civilian technology
increased.
So I think the disparity
that exists right now
would really just
blow people's minds.
>>NOORY: How long do you
think the Havana syndrome was
happening before
we heard about it?
>>HECKER: Great question.
I think the Havana syndrome
activity from the time that it
was reported was probably going
on, I would say, for at least
a decade prior.
>>NOORY: That long?
Why conceal the truth?
>>HECKER: Control, monopoly.
>>NOORY: What are
they afraid of?
>>HECKER: Lacking
power and control.
>>NOORY: How serious is the
UFO disclosure movement?
>>HECKER: I think the UFO
disclosure movement currently is
working very seriously at
not disclosing anything
and pretending like humanity
on this planet does not possess
these technologies in mass,
and is attempting to--
every time man-made
activities are observed,
they're trying to rebrand
it as offworld UFO activity.
Unbeknownst to
us, our government
can't have this technology.
No other government is known
to have this technology.
It's what we keep hearing.
Those are the lies.
>>NOORY: Has the UFO
disclosure movement
been infiltrated
by those people?
>>HECKER: The UFO
disclosure community
has always been owned and
operated by these people.
You may recall in the 1970s a
faction known as COINTELPRO that
was outed as an arm of the FBI.
I would suggest that COINTELPRO
type activities have always
controlled the UFO narrative.
>>NOORY: They never
went away, didn't they?
>>HECKER: Never went
away, from day one.
The narrative started before
there was any public knowledge,
probably.
I mean, this is how these
operations function.
The split second they know that
they have something to cover up,
they start the cover up before
any information gets out.
That's what disinformation is.
>>NOORY: We've talked
on this program before
about an alien false flag.
Do you believe
that could happen?
>>HECKER: Absolutely.
I think it's going to happen
probably pretty soon the way
things have been
looking as of late.
>>NOORY: What's the
motive behind it?
>>HECKER: Oh, I think
it'll be a big power play.
It'll be almost like a
martial law type situation.
It'll be similar to when
9/11 got us the Patriot Act.
We lost a lot of rights
when 9/11 occurred.
>>NOORY: We sure did.
>>HECKER: I would
imagine that we're
going to have some sort
of massive, immediately
available legislation on what
we all need to do immediately.
What rights we have
to give up, what
curfews we have to follow this.
There's going to be all kinds of
attacks on individual liberties,
and that will be
a clear indicator
that it's a false flag.
>>NOORY: How do
you think they'll
drop this false flag on us?
>>HECKER: I think we're going
to get a fantastic magic show
of high technology.
>>NOORY: Overwhelming?
>>HECKER: Absolutely.
It's going to be
something off the wall.
I feel like they've been
pumping everybody into this,
you know, you can't believe it
unless you see it mentality,
which I get the logic
and reasoning behind it,
but it seems to be being
watered very heavily as of
late because I think they want
to present something visually
that they want to make
sure everyone believes.
>>NOORY: How many
people will believe it?
>>HECKER: I think
the vast majority,
just like we went through
the whole COVID debacle.
In hindsight, look at all
the people now that believed,
that learned that
they shouldn't have.
So I think that was
a wonderful test run
to see how much garbage you
can shove in someone's head,
and get them to accept it.
>>NOORY: Eric, how do people
track your information?
>>HECKER: The best way for folks
to get a hold of my information,
sir, would be at my
website deciphering.tv.
>>NOORY: Eric, how
soon will it happen?
>>HECKER: I think it's
the sooner the better.
It's time to get it over with.
I think once people realize what
potentially could be going on
and they realize
the actual truth,
we can start to move forwards
with what reality really is.
>>NOORY: Thanks for
being on the program.
>>HECKER: Thank you
for having me, sir.
>>NOORY: Rest
assured, if there's
information like a false flag,
we'll have information for you
right here on Beyond Belief.
We won't let you down.
Thanks for watching.
[THEME MUSIC]